---
title: My Experience at the Cyber Security Challenge Belgium 2024
author: Arthur De Witte
date: 2024-03-08
category:
  - English
  - Technology
  - Security
tag:
  - HOWEST
  - CSBE
cover: /assets/images/posts/csbe2024.webp
---

# My Journey at the Cyber Security Challenge Belgium 2024

The [Cyber Security Challenge Belgium (CSBE)](https://cybersecuritychallenge.be/) is an annual event that brings together young and aspiring cybersecurity enthusiasts from across the country. The challenge is designed to test and hone the skills of participants in various aspects of cybersecurity, from network security to cryptography, and from web security to digital forensics. It is a capture the flag competition specifically tailored for IT students.

This year marked my third participation in the event, held at the HOWEST campus. Each year, the experience has been unique and enriching, providing me with the opportunity to learn, grow, and network with like-minded individuals.

Unfortunately, our team, Hecate, didn't qualify for the next round this year. However, the journey was far from disappointing. One of the highlights of the event for me was the opportunity to write a maze solver that had to run over tcp/netcat. The task was challenging and fun, pushing me to think out of the box and apply my skills in a real-world scenario.

Despite not making it to the next round, the experience was rewarding. The Cyber Security Challenge Belgium is not just about winning. It's about learning, improving, and most importantly, having fun along the way. I am already looking forward to the next year's challenge and the new learning opportunities it will bring.